I'm trapped
My girlfriend killed herself a week after we broke up
Anyone else not want to die and not want to kill themselves but just wish they could just stop existing
“If you truly wanted to kill yourself and wasn’t seeking attention, you’d just do it and tell no one so no one could stop you”
Raped in front of my girlfriend. feeling like giving up.
I’m starting to feel like I’m meant to commit suicide the same way as someone else is meant to become a doctor or to get married. It’s just the path I was meant to take
I’ve seen child porn on the internet. I will never be the same again.
I think a little kid saved my life, and he doesn't even know.
i swear to god if there's an afterlife i'm gonna be so pissed
I feel embarrassed but....does anyone else get extremely depressed and suicidal when you see a cute person and remember that you’ll always be single and never have a family of your own
Just called the suicide hotline
throwing away my blades today
I wish I could walk into a hospital, throw my arms up and say “here are my organs. I don’t want them anymore. Donate them to someone who will make better use of them.”
Not a single person actually cares unless you kill yourself
I am never "suicidal enough" to be heard. I am too well-dressed, too articulate, too friendly "too" everything to be worthy of any support.
Is anyone else entering the New Year wishing they were dead?
I hate how people dismiss us when we openly say that we are suicidal but when someone keep quiet and kill them selves people be shocked like “They never said anything I didn’t know” WAKE TF UP AND LOVE ME STOP DISMISSING HOW I FEEL
I receive two messages a day, one that my phone is at 15%, and the other that my phone is at 5%.
New wiki on how to avoid accidentally encouraging suicide, and how to spot covert incitement
It’s extremely messed up that you can’t even go to a psych hospital for help with suicidal thoughts without getting a multi-thousand dollar hospital bill.
I tried to kill myself two months ago because my parents won't stop blaming me for my sister's death
Sorry folks, we've got a troll: Please message the moderators if you get harassed via PM after posting here.
I just saw a post asking “If you committed suicide a year ago what beautiful things would you have missed?”. I can’t think of a single thing.
Telling a suicidal person that it’ll be okay because help is on the way is like telling a homeless person with no clothes in the winter that it’ll be okay because it’ll be summer in half a year
Having a bad day
People say life gets better, but that’s a fucking lie.
People always say; "just" get a job, "just" find a new hobby, "just" go for a walk, "just" make new friends. Newsflash: IT DOESN'T FUCKING WORK.
I’m sorry, but I’m going to do it. My cat must know, he is on my lap. At midnight I will do it. Please help me. Any body. I’m honestly done. I don’t care if I’m 13. I just want it to end
Does anyone else have this really destructive pattern of feeling suicidal and ruining everything in your life because you think you won’t be around to deal with it, only to fail or not even attempt suicide and have to try to pick up the pieces?
anyone else just staying alive for other people at this point?
Being suicidal throughout your young adult years is very strange and leaves you in a weird place when you hit your 20s because you never really had a plan to get this far to begin with, never mind have a plan for the next 50+ years.
I'm a COVID-19 nurse in an intensive care unit, and I can't cope
Watch out for a PM scammer asking people to purchase items from an amazon wishlist.
Chocolate saved my life
I’ve decided that I won’t kill my self
Plans foiled by a f**king cat
“Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem” I hate sayings like this with all my heart.
i told my mum i want to kill myself. she said, “ok, just don’t do it in my house.”
People who say “it’s a bad day, not a bad life” are the fucking worst
Does anyone else constantly teeter between planning how to kill yourself and planning how to fix your life?
It fucking hurts to know that not even your own mind accepts you.
People don't give a fuck about you until you're dead. I fucking hate humanity
I don’t wish I was dead, I wish I never existed.
remember when "I'll kill you" used to be a threat? now it's like, PLEASE MOTHERFKER, GO AHEAD!
You ever just leave an awkward conversation and think “Wow. I should really just kill myself.”?
I’m a Nurse who killed people
I wanted to jump off a bridge, but I got a burrito instead.
Dont you wish you could just sleep forever and never wake up.
I’m an attractive white man from a wealthy family. The odds were always in my favor. I think I’m gonna shoot myself in the face.
No one cares about your life until you say you want to end it
I just realised that people don't really care about my mental health. They just care that I'm not a whining bitch anymore.
Reminder: Absolutely no activism of any kind is allowed here. Any day.
I wonder what it feels like to have never considered suicide
Nothing is worse than your birthday when you're suicidal.
“Jumping of a bridge is suicide and bad. But jumping off a bridge and yelling PARKOUR is just a stunt gone wrong” - My brain every time I’m near heights
i wish nobody cared about me so i could kill myself without destroying other lives in the process
I nearly killed myself today
3 days ago was my birthday, I should’ve done it but my dog and a redditor saved my life
Sorry little dude
fuck people who say trauma is the way to become stronger
Just called suicide hotline. Thanks, Tom.
"Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem." .... Yeah that sounds fucking amazing.
Job hunting is wild when you're suicidal
Does anybody else dress like a homeless person cause they stopped caring about their appearance?
Parents who are “there for you” until your mental illness becomes slightly intolerable for them.
The logistics of killing yourself are so endlessly, frustratingly complicated
The hardest part of being suicidal
I just phoned a suicide hotline... what a fucking joke.
Sleep is great because it's like being dead without hurting your family.
I've gone to a hotel at the other end of the country to kill myself
You know something's wrong when your first reaction towards someone else's suicide is jealousy, not sadness.
This quote about suicide is feeling far too accurate
I love it when people say "you're not alone" and yet here I am, alone.
Today I tried to kill myself
10 months until next minecraft update, will stay alive to see it
“You’re not alone.” Yes, the fuck I am.
I'm a pedophile and I think I'm ready to kill myself
Wife cheated update
I hate how when you’re depressed you just forget everything. You forget to do stuff and you forget the stuff you did. Time passes without you realising and instead of doing nothing for ten minutes you did nothing for three hours but you didn’t even realise you were actually living.
Anyone else here "suicidal but not suicidal"?
Suicidal people don’t want to die, they just want the pain to stop.
Has anyone been suicidal for so long but don’t have the courage to end it so you end up isolating yourself from everyone so people forget you eventually?
I woke up...alive??
I hate how your brain teases you with random moments of motivation/hope/joy/etc. then plunges you back into feeling like subhuman trash for days or weeks on end
The reason I love my bed and sleeping so much is because it’s the closest to death I can get for now, it’s like a free trial
I'd like to raise a toast to those of us sticking around because the cats can't feed themselves!
People try to talk you out of suicide instead of talking you into life
I’m more afraid to live another 60 years than dying.
It hurts when you realise that no one actually cares...like NO ONE ..
My sister committed suicide last night.
Nobody talks about the after attempt
8 billion people, and for some stupid reason I needed to be born too. And you too, if you feel the same way about your existence.
They'll let you be homeless but tell you suicide is "never the answer"..
If you make enough suicide attempts, people stop caring.
Reminder: NO ACTIVISM is allowed here at any time.
My girlfriend killed herself
I tried to kill myself, but then called for help and ended up spending 5 nights in the hospital. Even with health insurance my bill was $2400. Next time I will not get help, too expensive
I FUCKING HATE HOW PEOPLE TELL ME TO FIND SOMETHING THAT I ENJOY, THAT THING DOESN'T FUCKING EXIST!
I wish I could just die without killing myself
My Mom showed off my suicide letter like it was a fashion statement
Anyone else going to miss the part of them that could have been so great?
I don’t see the point in living when I’m suppose to work my whole life?
As soon as you die that’s when everyone gives a fuck .
I hate people saying "Don't kill yourself, some people will be sad about you"
"If you were REALLY suicidal, you wouldn't tell anyone about it. You'd just do it."
Just because it got better for YOU doesn’t me it’ll get better for ME
I’m sick and tired of nobody giving a fuck about how you feel unless you’re cutting yourself or want to kill yourself.
Do you ever have a really good dream but then wake up back to reality and tasting that fleeting moment of happiness makes you just want to fucking die so much?
i hate myself so much.
We need some support over at r/Teenagers.
Fuck You Dad
No one cares until you're about to kill yourself
What's the point of life when I'm supposed to spend 5 days a week working for another 50 years?
I hate people who say suicidal people are selfish.
A letter to a friend who'll never read it.
quarantine would be heaven if i lived alone
Does anyone else just feel like disappearing socially? Nuking social media, cutting ties to your family & friends, etc?
FUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I told my parents I’m going to kill myself and they just wished me the best
I’m absolutely annoyed whenever I comment something suicidal and random people just tell me “call the national suicide prevention hotline” , I actually want people that I can relate my problems with, I don’t want a fucking hotline that doesn’t do shit.
My friend has killed himself
Last year I was miserable and depressed but I turned that shit around this year;
I wish there was a reset button for life
Do you ever feel like suicide is your destiny?
It’s time to be realistic.
Humans aren't meant to live like this
Ive attempted suicide and my goodbye letter was shown to everyone
Every time I(F16) feel under pressure or angry, My mind just goes straight to wanting to kill myself.
Does anyone see weddings and instantly think: "That's never gonna happen for me"
I wish I was allowed to commit suicide.
I’ve become the person I always feared of being
The worst feeling in the world is when you don't want to be alive but you're too big of a pussy to do it because you feel obligated to stay for other people's well-being
Do you feel like a useless NPC ?
I WISH I DIDNT HAVE A LOVING FAMILY SO I CAN KILL MYSELF IN PEACE
I wish I died when I was a happy child
My husband died and I want to too
Now I get why there are more suicides in this time of the year.
“High school is the best 4 years of your life”
Anybody else wishing that they could run away instead of killing themselves?
Anyone ever lie in bed at night and think to yourself, “I could end it all right now with this (knife, gun, pills, etc)?”
Please say 'life got better FOR ME' instead of generalising and assuming it'll get better for everyone
"it gets better" is just bullshit that people say to make you feel better when they don't know what to say.
I lost my girlfriend to suicide last week
I get so angry when I hear about people who die in their sleep because it’s not fair and it should be me.
Just please read it would mean a lot to me. I’m so alone.
I hate living in this world. Everything is about money and I’m sick of it.
No one gives a shit until you admit you want to die
Likely won't commit suicide, but if someone pointed a gun at my head, I'd probably let them pull the trigger.
I hate that I can’t kill myself
It hursts seeing your friends have fun when your at home thinking about whether or not you should live.
Why does everyone think therapy is some miracle cure???
I want to deepthroat a shotgun...
Why do people who DONT want to die die?
Do y’all’s ever want to kill yourself over a minor inconvenience and that makes you want to kill yourself even more cause other people have it way worse?
Just graduated from college today, planning on taking my life tonight.
Do you guys ever feel so horribly alone even when you're around close friends or family?
'sUicIDe iS tHe eAsY wAy OUt'
I knew I was going to kill myself even when I was a kid.
I tried to kill myself Friday
Question: how do non suicidal people cope with everything
I just joined reddit. I'm 40 years old and suicidal. I have problems with porn. I've never had sex with a woman.
I told my abusive narcissistic sadist of a mother to “Fuck off, eat the shit that comes out of your mouth & die painfully you sadistic cunt!” Right before cutting contact with her.
I wish life had a reset button.
My despicable legacy
Sleeping is so peaceful, I hate waking up.
Does anyone else ever think to themselves “any day now I’m going to kill myself”
My brother killed himself and I want to be with him
I want to kill myself to avoid the future
My dad recorded a video of me walking down the street
Please someone just notice this
i just took all the remaining pills of my 5 prescriptions. goodbye.
I made a post on this subreddit asking for someone to give me some hope and somebody downvoted it. Fuck this.
I HATE HUMANITY
Fuck Friends
Can't talk to anyone about being suicidal because it will just lead to them calling the police on me and becoming prisoner in a hospital
Will I EVER commit suicide? Probably not. Do I think about doing it? Every. Single. Day.
I tried to kill myself yesterday
My therapist told me that in order to feel better I gotta suffer.
People tell me they would be sad and upset if i died, but they never want to talk to me or do anything with me. Feels like im dead to them anyhow
Another day another 16 hours of laying on the couch waiting to die
Anyone else feels like a burden to their friends?
Hey yo, FUCK YOU to whoever tied up their dog inside my chicken coop
My name is Tyler, that’s my real name this is my only account, I’m highly suicidal, have been since I was about 6-7 years old, I’m 26 now and it’s different now. I’m going to tell you my story in a new attempt to gain enough relief to fall asleep tonight. Thanks for reading if you do <3
Attempt failed. Currently in the hospital.
i no longer plan on making it out of 2020.
GUILT TRIPPING IS NOT OK
Take A Second To Look Around..
UPDATE THANK YOU, EVERYONE,​ WHO PUSHED ME TO LIVE!!!!!!!
You ever just feel sad and want to write a huge rant but you can’t come up with the energy or the words?
I wish I could donate my life for someone who's willing to live it.
The only reason I haven't killed myself is because I'm scared of not knowing what death is.
the plan
🏳️🏳️🏳️🏳️🏳️
I take reassurance in the fact I can kill my self if things get too bad
found and performed cpr on dead friend/looking for help
Suicide is not irrational at all
Fantasising about being saved.
Anyone else surprised they survived through 2018?
My Arab Muslim mom just said to me that if abortion was permitted in islam she would aborted me
i kind of want to fail a suicide attempt just to show people that im struggling
I am back :(
I finally told my husband how I’ve been struggling recently and...
I don't care if I'm loved if i can't feel it.
I called a hotline last week, now I owe thousands.
Too much of a pussy to kill myself
i was raped
I’ve started wishing that I would randomly die of a natural cause in order to avoid suicide.
Do you ever go to sleep early wishing you never wake up?
i dont want to kill myself but i see no other future other than me killing myself
My mom is screaming about how she wish I was never born downstairs
I live because i have cat
never sharing suicidal thoughts with anyone
For once, I just want to stop being the punchline of everyone's jokes.
Anyone else’s suicidal thoughts get triggered by the smallest things?
I tried killing myself today.
Being lonely IS enough to kill you
I’m a quiet person that not good at socializing. The world reminds me everyday that I’m not wanted.
sleep just isn't sleep anymore, it's an escape.
I am the kid that tries to join your friend group but fails. I am the kid that can’t take a hint. I am the kid that no one likes. I am the weird kid. I want to die.
Being born ugly sets you up to fail
I know no one will read this
I tried to kill myself but survived and no one knows
I am the comedian
I feel like my default mood is suicidal
The only thing keeping me from killing myself is watching other people do it
Thanks reddit
Failed suicide attempt
Killing yourself is selfish.
No one really cares, they're only trying to make themselves feel good.
nobody cares if youre suicidal until you actually commit suicide
If I had a gun with me right now, I wouldn't hesitate to kill myself. I just want a quick and easy way out.
the only existence sadder than being suicidal is being suicidal but with the option of suicide taken away from you because if you were to kill yourself, you would kill someone else too
Why do they always say that "death is not a solution", and then fail to provide one?
Games aren’t fun anymore. Books aren’t fun anymore
I'm quite convinced that depression will kill me someday, and I'm okay with that.
Update
Woke up in tears today because I had a dream where I was crying because of how much o hated myself .Feels like a whole new level of self-hatred .
I feel like an NPC in a world filled with players. i’m just created to commit suicide and i can’t change the settings to stop that.
Can we not gatekeep suicidal depression?
Imagine how pleasant it would be to sleep forever
Its 1 am and I dont want to sleep because I'm not ready to wake up and deal with another fucking day.
Wrote this while sitting on a bridge looking down
Please, At Least Read The Last Few Sentences
well guys, i’m alive
The only meaning of life quote that makes any sense
I just wanna go to sleep, never wake up, and forever live in my fantasy world
Going to fight corona soon
Healthy brains don't ask that question.
I tried to hang myself, the belt broke.
My parents asked me to kill myself
I jumped off a (small) bridge
Turns out no one cares if you're about to blow your brains out if you're trans.
Waking up is “ oh please Not again” then waiting till it’s dark again. Repeat.
My post here had not a single like or comment. I feel so alone.
Why is it so hard for some people to accept that life just isn't that great for some people?
I don't eat or sleep anymore and I hope it'll kill me.
I just called the hotline and got hung up on. Talk about feeling alone
[LONG UPDATE] 16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
Why does living with depression just feel like a series of necessary distractions?
Does anyone else feel destined to die by suicide?
I tried to kill myself.
I almost died yesterday
killing myself on jan 1st 2020
“You have no choice but to keep fighting.” Oh, but I do. I do have a choice
Sick of hearing ‘it gets better’
I wouldn't care if i got tested positive for COVID and died from it.
I'm still here
I just want to die in my sleep.
If I could exchange my life with someone who needs it more, I would.
Life is a complete fucking joke. I don't understand why people think life matters. Because it doesn't matter.
Do you ever realize how easily you can exit someone's life?
i'm lucky enough to have a few people in my life who care so much for me that sometimes it actually hurts. i don't want them to wake up one day to find me dead. even if right now i can't live for myself, i will try for them.
I want to pass away so badly
i don't believe in god, but I've already came to the point where i'd pray to him every night that i'd get hit by a car and die or something
I've become so accustomed to the fact that I'm going to kill myself that other people's struggles with suicide don't register to me much
I’ll never find my person and watching everyone around me find theirs is painful
Should i commit suicide?
I wish I could give someone else my life
I want to die and join him
I hate that you can’t even mention suicidal thoughts because everyone will freak out
I'm 15 years old, I will kill myself next week. I need help. I need to feel that somebody understands me.
I don’t want to get “help”
"but it's your one and only life!!"
I wished a truck could hit me unexpectedly. Seriously wishing for this every day or some other accident would be fine as long as I end up dead.
My daughter (14f) tried to kill herself last night
I'm afraid one day I'll just snap and kill myself
I died yesterday
Does anyone else think about suicide every few seconds?
So let me get this straight...I have to do this for another 50+ years?
I don’t want to live without him
the amount of people suffering here is insane
I fucking hate my birthday
Please read this if you have the time.
I killed my girlfriend, and now I want to kill myself..
FUUUUUUUCK EVERYTHING
i didn’t ask to be alive
It sucks so bad when you have a bunch of great days in a row, and you feel like you’re making a ton of progression on your mental health and outlook and life in general. Then 1 bad thing happens and you’re back to feeling worthless
It's agonizing to stay and it's too selfish to leave.
Sometimes I wish I didn't have people who would be affected by my hypothetical suicide.
The fact I'm gonna die from suicide in the future is comforting...
"But you are so attractive you have no reason to have social anxiety and depression."
The gun jammed
Attempted suicide a few hours ago and I'm shook and so scared.
No one will see this but if you do, thank you 🖤
I wish there was a reset button for life.
Suicidal at night.
Goodbye
i really wanna hang myself rn. Im not going to do it, but i really want to
will someone read this?
It never gets better lol
My mom thought my suicide attempt was just for attention
I want to kill myself. I want to die. NSFW
Ordering pizza just to see a human and have someone visit me
Nobody genuinely wants to help you in the real world
FFS I can't accept the reality of how society works
Everyone wants YOU to do something, but noone wants to help YOU in person.
Got fired for taking a dump
Please feel free to keep scrolling. Find happiness and peace, my friends.
AM I THE ONLY ONE WHOSE NOT EXCITED FOR UPCOMING DECADE??
Im Alive. But I'm not Living.
I asked last Saturday if "Anyone there" ? You answered. Thank you. I was half way through my suicide attempt.
I told my mom for the first time that I tried to commit suicide
High School (more specifically the people at it) makes me suicidal as f*ck.
I quit.
Can you be suicidal but NOT want to die?
I would give everything to be straight
People say this feeling is temporary and it will pass, but I have never experienced sustained happiness. I have always been depressed - my entire life.
"I used to be like you! But I got better! it's possible!"
I tried to hang myself and I’m not handling it well
I’m sorry I wasn’t strong enough to stay until the end. Bye
i almost killed myself
I wish someone would shoot me to death.
Depression ruined my personality and my mind
Wish I could go to sleep and not wake up
I'm addicted to the idea of not existing anymore
Have you ever been stuck in a cycle of “I want to live and give a big fuck you to people who kicked me when I was down,” to “I want to kill myself to prove a point” to “nobody gives a shit about me enough for either of those things to happen?”
Depression has killed my brain
Everyone wants me get help so I don't kill myself but nobody wants to talk to me and help me by just talking to me
I'm deciding not to take my life.
why did i have to be so fucking ugly
I don’t even cry anymore when I brainstorm ways to kill myself.
Best friend killed himself, I want to join him
I feel so alone I just wish I had someone to hug me
I can't believe normal people just don't want to kill themselves.
I wish I was dead
Never opening my mouth ever again
Why does every inconvenience trigger suicidal thoughts?
If I test positive, I’m going to kill myself.
I should have killed myself in high school
Who else feels like they're only still living to spare the feelings of their family members?
I wish i could die faceless.
Suicide is like a security blanket
Alone
Fuck google
i tried to commit suicide today
Any body else feel, stressed/anxious /guilty/hopeful /hopeless /scared/sad /suicidal /all in around a 24 hour period give or take?
Happy people telling you to just "be positive"
Anyone also getting suicidal thoughts when seeing happy stuff?
Is it normal to think about death all the time?
I'll be ignored again...
40 years of suicidal thoughts
I wish I would die in my sleep
Is being passively suicidal a thing?
Suicide is becoming a more and more attractive option each passing day.
Going from suicidal to very happy all in the same day
Anyone else badly want a relationship but know it’s a terrible idea
It's a vicious cycle when you feel like your wasting your 20's away but you don't have the will power to change it. When you'd rather die than see yourself waste away your young life.
Being born is some sick cosmic fucking joke. And its not a funny one.
I'm Happy This Sub Reddit Exists
Do you guys fantasize about your suicide?
I want to die
Too Cowardly To Kill Myself But Too Depressed To Keep Living
Does anyone else feel empty, all the time?
Fuck the World.
I am not afraid of committing suicide
My secret suicidal thoughts are getting worse. It's getting harder to disobey. And I dont want to tell anyone
It's not depression, my life objectively sucks
I am going to end my life tonight.
Suicide is a solution to a permanent problem
I wish my problems were normal teenager problems
Letter to myself:
Anyone else stuck with a permanent blank face with the only emotion being sadness and resentment?
I HATE THIS WORLD SO FUCKING MUCH! EVERYONE HELPS ONLY THOSE WHO LEAST NEED IT! THE POOR GROW POORER AND THE RICH GET RICHER! FUCK THIS!
I don’t wanna kill myself but I can’t live with myself, I hate myself
I just really wish I wouldn't wake up tomorrow morning. Or any morning for that matter
No offense but i rather kill myself while i am in my 20s than wasting my entire life working for the success of someone else-barely surviving in this cruel world .
If only dying were as simple as pressing “shut down” like on a computer
The fear isn’t in dying. My fear is failing to commit suicide and the pain that I’ll feel as I try.
WARNING: If you get a PM from /u/itskokobot, please report it and DO NOT REPLY.
im so fucking depressed to the point i even forgot why im depressed....does anyone feel the same way?
Suicide hotlines are bullshit
I'm about to send an email
I got a gun to kill myself and my parents found out about it before I could do it.
Every day my desire for suicide increasessssssssss
Im going to kill myself in few hours .
I tried to kill myself 2 days ago
Casually suicidal?
I was born a hermaphrodite and I want to die because of it.
I'm jumping off a building in a few hours to end my pain.
Throwaway because I deserve to die.
Do you ever just want to talk to someone about your suicidal feelings but then anxiety grabs you by the throat and chokes you until you have a breakdown?
I plan my suicide 1-3 times per day
Someone else is kind of addicted to be sad?
The love of my life killed himself three weeks ago
Whoever says life is a gift can fucking catch these hands
Can you imagine being genuinely happy?
i’m sick of living. i feel like i’m just, done. my rapist gets away, i get called a liar. it haunts me in my dreams, and it haunts me when i’m awake. i try to bury that memory, but it’s impossible. i need help, but i’m too scared to seek it. i want to die, but i don’t want him to win.
I don’t want to die. I just wish I had never existed in the first place
Its amazing how people act so attention-seekingly on social media when people die. Its one of the reasons i wont kill myself.
I want to commit suicide as a means of escaping adulthood.
How can they say that suicidal people aren't doing something about their problems? We literally want to kill ourselves. That's not easy, you know? Yeah, you wouldn't know. And not because we WANT to die, but because we don't fucking want to be alive
Anyone else feel like they just aren’t meant for life?
if anyone reads this thank you
Therapy was the worst thing that happened to me
Does anyone else have visual thoughts of their suicide?
In twenty six days, I am throwing a moving away party. I don't have the heart to tell my friends I am thinking about taking my life shortly afterwards rather than go through with my move.
I cried tonight realizing that suicide was not an option anymore
How do people work everyday in jobs they hate without wanting to kill themselves?
A follow up
Does anyone else just wish someone would come up behind them and just shoot them in the head?
ever feel like you weren't meant to be in this world?
I’m struggling to find a reason to hold on
It’s my 25th birthday
Fuck this pointless world
Does anyone get horrible, horrible heartache that literally is so physically painful?
My friends having a good time is driving me to suicide
Every second is either extreme pain or extreme insomnia and delusions.
My sister told me to kill myself (part 2)
I just want to sleep and never wake up again, anyone else feel the same?
“Have you made any plans to kill yourself?”
16 years old. I went on a walk, and the light was golden on the trees that arched above me. It was like heaven's gates. It was like God telling me to come home.
This is not living man. Just pretending to be happy and watchi g the years go by only to end up dead anyway. Mother fuckkkkkkkkkerrrrrrr ahhhhhhhh
I hate this. One moment I want to die, the next I feel good and enjoy my life. I wish my fucking brain would make up it's mind.
I want to commit suicide on Xmas Eve just like my sibling
"YoU oNlY gEt To lIvE oNcE"
funny when they say "suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
Born to die?
I wish I'd died at my desk the other day
I always wonder how it feels to live a happy life
Finally stopped— pet cat was the solution
It's my 26th birthday today. I have severe BPD, I am alone, and my mom used my birthday card as a way to argue how BPD isn't caused by abuse and that she is a perfect angel who has never done anything wrong.
even though i felt like killing myself i went to this art therapy class and made something today
Idc How Young I Am, I Want Out
sorry I ever existed
My 15 year old brother hung himself and all I want to do is die too...
I want to die but don't want to kill myself
The Foo Fighters saved my life
I would rather kill myself than grow as a person
Just wanted to say fuck the suicide hotline
I really just wish someone gave a fuck about me
i don’t want attention, i don’t want anyone to notice me. i just want to leave
This world is messed up.
I’m so tired of not having a social life, I’m tired of being mentally ill, I just want to die
Ever feel like you want to just go to sleep and never wake up instead of actually dying?
The "reasons to live" askreddif thread only made me feel worse
I feel so low it physically hurts
Does anyone here talk to literally no one. Like no friends. I’m rotting
I want to die but afraid of dying!!!
Young doctor (29yo) with suicide thoughts
I told my mom I'm suicidal, she forgot.
Can someone just hug me while I cry?
I'm 12
I have no friends. Nobody ever contacts me first
If I ever get corona I am gonna make sure that I fucking die.
Okay so, I'm 21. I have type 1 diabetes, cervical cancer, and a brain tumor. I'm putting serious financial strain on my family with all these medical bills. I just don't see the point in putting them through this, and myself through all the awful treatment, just to like.... die anyway?
Does anyone else feel like they don't want to kill themselves but they wish to die everyday?
I don't want people to remember me.
never gonna live to be a teenager
I fucking hate my brain
I'm a waste
Can't even have the smallest fucking things.
Suicide is on my mind 24/7 but I know all that I really want is to feel like I’m loved.
Today is my Birthday...
You ever wish someone would kill you so you wouldn’t have to do it?
It’s 4am. I have my first class of the semester in 5 hours and I can’t sleep
I wish I could give my life to someone who wants to live
I wish boys were allowed to be feminine without being judged.
I wish I could trade my body to someone with cancer while I can get their cancerous body. Then we could both get what we want. The person with cancer gets to live, and I get to die.
Every single night I think about killing myself before sleeping.
My father is tired of me “hurting” my mother. He is offering to find me an apartment so I can live alone and away from her. I will use this opportunity to kill myself.
I hate being told I have choices in life
I have been struggling the past three months. My mom died and my boyfriend of 7 years left. Nobody understands the pain, and nobody understands the situation. My mom wouldve. My mom wouldve told me all the right things instead of all the shit im hearing right now. I want to go to my mom.
Enough
Currently in hospital
I'd kill myself today if it wasn't for my family. I'd ruin their lives
Is there really a good reason to be alive?
Passive Suicidal Thoughts
Who else is waiting until they feel they're allowed to kill themselves?
I wish I wasn’t trans.
This will get lost in a sea of Suicide notes
Hi i went from 100% certain i want to kill myself to not knowing what to do... I guess its an improvement? Thanks ya all that helped i would be dead by now if it wasn't for you all... Im looking forward to seeing what the future will bring... Cheers on ya all!!🥰
Humanity is the worst race to be a part of
I’m losing everything
It's 11:40 and I'm gonna kill myself at midnight.
I want to kill myself. And people know. But they don’t care. I hate myself so much. I just don’t want to live anymore.
I don’t want to die, but I no longer want to exist.
I'm suffering constantly I just want it to end
Y'all ever just lay down in bed in the fetal position and cry and just try to will yourself out of existence for a couple hours?
I just tried to strangle myself with a rope because I have nowhere to hang myself at the moment so I just tied it around my neck and pulled it and I could still breathe so it didn’t work.. I want to kill myself right now but I even fail at that.. what is wrong with me...
College is stupid and it makes me want to die even more
I just told my parents im suicidal
I am ending my life tonight
I don't want to be alive if this is what it means
How do I get out of an abusive household with no money, no friends, no ID, no phone? (22F)
Humans :)
Does anyone else feel like they have to commit suicide to get revenge on the people that hurt me, to tell the world I am not gonna put up with its crap, and to that I have to do it to ask the world to solve the problems I am facing for others?
Hey Santa, all I want for Christmas is to fall asleep and never wake up.
No one will ever love me
Sleeping and dreaming is the only enjoyment I get daily, anymore
Not even really depressed - Simply realized that the way reality is constructed just doesn’t suit me
"it will get better" being the biggest lie ive been told. I desire suicide.
I used to like sleeping but now even my dreams haunt me so maybe its just best to die instead
16M can I tell my therapist about my suicidal thoughts without him telling my parents?
Anyone else ever feel like suicide gives them hope?
Why the fuck would you continue living if you know *for a fact* that it won't get better, only worse? If you can't bear living anymore, why continue?
It honestly feels like people hate me on first sight
Being alive is fucking painful. I just want to go to sleep and never wake up.
i just want to finally die
Hanging myself tonight so I avoid my birthday and everything else
Does anyone else feel like they are "meant" to kill themselves?
It just costs too much to live
Im surprised with how comfortable the thought of suicide has gotten with me and it scares me.
Anyone ever notice this?
My boyfriend comes from 3 generations of suicide. He took his life in November 2017. I am really fucking depressed. We have a 7 year old daughter. I feel ill every moment of every day.
I'm this fucking close to ending it. [17M] Really Really Really Long. Sorry. Might be graphic. Might get offended. Discretion advised. IDK.
Have you ever gotten jealous over hearing about someone's suicide?
I don’t want to kill myself, but I still want to die.
I’m 10 and have suicidal thoughts can you guys cheer me up?
My last day.
I lived
Fuck the future, friends getting houses, a living wage. I'm so tired of feeling hopeless
So how long until it “gets better”?
Always changing mind over suicide
I have never had affection in my life, respect or trust, and I was abused and gaslit by my whole family for over 20 years. Suddenly, my brain is convinced that suicide is a realistic option?
im extremely tired.
Im ugly inside and out
I Can Always Just Die After Graduation
Attempted. Got put on antidepressants. Regret not using a more effective method
what purpose does the world have for an ugly, awkward girl?
My 24th birthday is in a few weeks. I made the decision this morning to end my life on that day.
Am I faking being depressed for attention?
I can’t see a future in where I don’t kill myself
i’m killing myself by the end of this week
Imagine how great it would be to sleep and just die
I wish I could donate my life to someone who could use it better than me
I crochet a blanket for my boyfriend to say goodbye
Why do so many people get to die by accident and for me to die I have to kill myself.
It feels weird when I remember that suicide is such a scary thing for most people to discuss. I keep forgetting that most people aren't suicidal, and that even the slightest mention of it can make them panic.
"Your life matters" but it feels like nobody wants to deal with you.
I don't understand the phrase "Suicide is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"
i am genuinely proud of this sub reddit
I want to Die!!
does anyone else ever felt better after writing a suicide note/planning?
(Not suicide) Just a thank you
I drove to the gun store , parked , and drove back home
Telling me to exercise and pick up a hobby does not make me less suicidal than I already am. Don’t feed me cliche bullshit.
Failed 20 years ago, about to give it another try
All I think about is suicide and video games.
Life is shit and we all know it, I wish I could stop existing
I wish that I could just end this and have everyone’s memories involving me erased
Anyone else wish they could hire a hit man for themselves?
getting bullied for painful crippling disease, going to gun stores regularly
The first day after is really weird [TW: Suicide Attempt]
constantly flooded with memories and thoughts of every mistake in my life.
Do you ever wonder how other people aren’t suicidal?
We’re selfish for wanting to die, but other people aren’t selfish for wanting us to stay alive when we have no drive or real reason to fight the temptation.
I'm a pedophile and I deserve to die
Fuck me
My dog died
My father took his own life 2 days ago.
I am a loser, a big failure and forever will be.
Im 13 and I want to die
I wish humanity would burn to ashes.
“I hope my death makes more sense than my life.”
A thing about me. Please, if you have the time, please read it. I just want to let things out.
I despise when mentally healthy people say "go see a therapist"
Only staying alive for others at this point
I want out of the rat race
The annoying lexicon of suicide dissuasion
Just lost my virginity to a prostitute
I love you all
Fuck online school
the only reason I didn't kill myself today is because it's my little brother's birthday.
Anyone feel like suicide is there destiny?
I’m currently looking at train tracks from a bridge
I've meticulously planned everything to the last detail, but whenever they ask me if I have a plan I say no
I wish I died instead of my brother
I am sorry mom and dad.
My Suicide Note.
Is anyone else tired of life but too scared to kill themselves?
How the fuck do you hold conversation?
I planned a get together to see my friends one last time and no one came
Tired
Ever wake up every morning and you want to die?
I think I have decided to do it.
1 hour to go
I’m 15 and honestly just have no will to live anymore
After 20 years of life no one knows me well enough to give me a eulogy
My chest actually “physically” hurts. Mental illness is no joke. Please, kill me. I do not want to live like this. It is painful.
Life is a pay to play game with the first 18 years being a free trail and I want to cancel my subscription.
My name is John
After a week long disappearance and a gun purchase I finally admitted myself into the psych ward.
In few hours it’s over
I might kill myself after work today
Please remember that NO ACTIVISM of any kind is allowed here. Not today or any day.
The only thing keeping me from killing myself is my wife and daughter. I am beginning to resent them for it.
My dad hanged himself today
My life is just a never ending cycle of bullshit
My cousin was killed by his girlfriend about a year ago.
I Think Quitting Is The Only Option Left For Me Right Now
I tried hanging myself but feel happier
suicide hotlines are bullshit
I can't wake up at 8am and work until 6pm every day until I'm 70. I just can't.
Small penis = suicide
I think people who die are lucky
My friend (15F) is going to kill herself in less than a month.
Reddit was the best and worst thing I have discovered
I did it.... (Trigger Warning: Suicidal Ideation, Suicidal Gestures, Hospitalization)
My mom mocked my suicidal tendencies before running off to the bar
Why is so damn hard to kill yourself when it seems so EASY in stupid movies and shows. I hate everything.
Fuck everything I'm done
I tried to hang myself tonight
Going to leave my suicide letter here
might kill myself tonight
Passive Suicidal Ideation
Stuck in the house with my rapist.
Does anyone else on this sub feel like there’s an invisible anchor dragging you down? At this point I’m sick of fighting it and I just want to drown
Who else hates when people say "Death is a permanent solution to a temporary problem"?
Anybody else just fucking over it?
Anybody else ever feel like you've probably got a few conditions that are un-diagnosed?
How do you convince yourself to continue living when it just seems much easier if you kill your self because your life isn’t going to be any better how hard you try and the trauma will not disappear.
Why can't I just shut up???
Update
Does anyone else just feel like you’ve lived enough?
I got admitted to the psych ward
You ever get that 'why bother' mentality?
I participated in a suicide prevention walk yesterday and it made me feel more suicidal
I wish I could trade places with kids that are actually abused.
People only care when they think you're gonna do it
Social anxiety is pushing me to suicide
Does anyone else have things that happen in their lives that your immediate reaction to is, "I should kill myself"? Because that's nearly everything to me.
I attempted to jump a train yesterday, and today went to work as if nothing ever happened.
It's So Hard to Find Meaning After Rock Bottom...
The only thing keeping me alive is the fear that I’ll survive
72, Female, Helpless, Useless and Unable to Cope
I’m scared of being happy
People don't actually care
17 Days Later
Talk about a curveball...
My camp was destroyed, I'm going to hang myself
I've stopped thinking about suicide
"Why don't you get a girlfriend?"
I haven't been okay for a long time. I'm only alive because I don't know how to die.
I want to die so badly but I don't have a good method
I'm Worthless
how do you even respond to a suicide hotline when they ask “how can i help you”
I understand suicide now. Trust me, it's not a choice. It's an action.
I wish there was a reset button for life
Don't do it, don't do it, don't do it..
Passive suicidalness
I'm in the queue for a suicide chat and there's 54 people ahead of me
Why can’t I just be SHOT ALREADY
To my boyfriend
i want to die.
Does anyone else feel like suicide is the way they're "meant to go"?
Nobody knows who I am. Remember me. Please.
Goodbye to the most amazing community on earth.
Living feels like a chore
Anyone else ever fantasise about their own death and funeral?
I’m tired and scared
I'm gonna probably attempt to kill myself sometime during college
Ever feel like you're the most fucked up person in the world and no matter how much effort you put in, you will always be alone and unloved?
people only realize that you needed help when you’re dead
After six months of therapy and taking antidepressants I can happily announce...
2020 will be the year i make the change i want to see in the world!! finally gonna kill myself!!
I want to go to my therapist just to tell her to fuck off.
Being gay and ugly sucks
Why do I keep going?
My cousin/roommate assaulted me last night.. nobody believes me..
Do you ever just sit in bed alone, and realize that no one would notice you missing? Everyone cares only after they announce your death.
Anyone else just living day by day, remembering nothing, thinking about nothing, enjoying very little, and being incredibly lonely, but almost as if it's sort of your own fault? Like you've done this to yourself?
I think my heart might explode or just stop working from excessive self inflicted heartbreak
bye
I don't want to live past 30
I just want to be normal but clearly that's not possible so I'm just gonna kill myself instead
757 ppl online
I'm attracted to children, and now I've lost all will to live.
My dad killed himself
I'm running out of reasons not to kill myself
She’s gone and so will I soon
Ever wonder how so many people haven’t killed themselves?
A year ago, I promised myself I'd kill myself on the day I graduated college.
I wish i had killed myself back when i had the strength to
I don't want to live.
I made myself cry because of what I did
TIL Nobody actually takes your mental illness and suicidal thoughts seriously, even your doctors and therapists.
I just called the Suicide Prevention Hotline. And they told me to call back when it’s less busy because I wasn’t “suicidal” or critical enough 🙄
It’s so sad seeing how many people want to die
Kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me kill me
I don’t want to kill myself. I want to delete my save file and start over.
Help
I wish there was a 'stop existing' button
I'm gonna end it all
Does anyone else feel worthless?
I want to reach out to someone, anyone but I feel so detached.
Suicidal thoughts comfort me
I get really uncomfortable, even anxious, when people say things like "you deserve to be happy" or "I'm glad you're here"
Just got told to kill myself
Sometimes I wish my mom hated me so I wouldn’t feel bad about wanting to kill myself
I want someone to grab my shoulders, look me in the eyes and say "I understand"
Bye guys
I want to be dead but I'm too much of a fucking coward to follow through
Do you ever feel like you were just never meant to be happy?
Do you ever get sudden compulsive urges to kill yourself?
[UPDATE] Goodbye everyone. I'm doing it now.
Caution: There's a PM troll active in SW. If you get a nasty message after posting here, be aware that this person is doing this randomly, and IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU.
Why suicide is so damn hard?
Haha help
Being told to kill yourself hurts more than I thought it would.
Advice On What To Day When He Wakes Up
If you get a snarky pro-suicide PM after posting here, IT'S NOT ABOUT YOU! Somebody's doing this randomly and indiscriminately.
Once my roommates go to sleep, its all over for me.
Got a fortune cookie that said “it’s not the end yet, let’s stay with it” directly after my last post
Literally dying inside
My dog decided he was going to keep watch today
I think I'm gonna die
I've been reading this sub for the pass 4 hours, and think I don't want to kill myself anymore.
Do you ever want to die because you're just so bored of life?
Anyone else hate waking up
I've come to accept this
considering killing myself this night
I admitted that I was suicidal to my boss, and his response resulted in cutting myself.
I hate suicide hotlines because you use every ounce of energy and will left within you to explain things, only to be given some bullshit advice. Like “look out the window and drink tea!” Srs that happened once.
Born to a world you didn't ask to be born into, and forced to work to live?
No hope, no strenght, no future.
The worst feeling is wanting to cry but not being able to
Self hatred
im mute and suicide text lines shut at 12am
No, I won't be turning 20 in 2020. I already have pills to end it.
(serious) Went to my doctor for help about suicide
there is so much pain in the world
I no longer want to die.
No one wants to deal with sad people, but get angry when they decide to do something about it.
Why are people saying that anyone under 18 can't be depressed?
I started researching how to kill myself
Am I the only one who finds thinking of suicide comforting?
I rather kill myself then working my entire life for greedy ceos and corrupt Politicians
If I kill myself my mom will be absolutely devastated.
I'm sorry
Only reason I haven't killed myself is the fear of failing and being forced to live as a vegetable
Isn’t it kinda bullshit that you can’t confide in anyone that you want to kill yourself without being committed?
When ever something bad happens my head always goes to kill your self
Threw all of my bullets in the river this morning.
I will not kill myself before I haven't tried everything
It’s really sad how lonely being suicidal is
A few months ago I set a deadline. That deadline, March 12 has arrived.
Should I get a pet so I have something to look forward to coming home to
My only motivation to live is my dog.
“how will u feel when ur friends and family mourn you”
I hate it when I see attractive people online tell everyone that they need to learn how to love themselves .
PSA from the SuicideWatch Mod Team: We're getting a lot of complaints about generic "uplifting" or "I love you" type posts and comments. Please read and follow guideline 4c in the sidebar.
Can someone just fucking care? I always take on the burden of others to help them out. Maybe sometimes I want to be that little boy again and just Fucking cry. Everyday I wake up I’m tired and not the tired where you just feel like you needed more sleep, it’s the tired of life. I’m on my last stand
I'm a doctor. I'm done.
I don’t even know how to say this but I feel like this is a good place to get all of it off of my chest, if I even can or honestly even finish this post. I know I’m suicidal but I don’t know if I will do it
There’s no point in living through 2020
Does anyone else feel like they HAVE to attempt suicide or at least be checked into a psychiatric hospital to be taken seriously?
this is just absurd like WTF
I just feel trapped
I am a deeply stupid person and I feel completely hopeless
The worst is feeling like you have no one to fucking turn to. Fuck man.
"But you are just 30, you still have your whole life ahead of you."
I'm going to enlist
I'm never calling a hotline again
i wish i could be erased from everyones memories
Just survived an attempt. Dealing with aftermath.
This sub really helped me, just wanted to say thank you.
I reach out for once and get fucking denied
I got arrested buying drugs off the darknet that I intended to kill myself with via overdose and now I am facing a felony and 5-8 years in prison. Whats the point in continuing on?
I wish that nobody loved me.
I literally spend every day of quarantine doing nothing
I find myself crying more in public spontaneously
i regret not killing myself 2 years ago
I'm a fat, balding, middle-aged fuckup that makes minimum wage making pizza. I have no friends, no family, I don't see how my life is going to get better, I just want the suffering to stop, I'm just ready to go...
wanna die but dont have the balls to kill myself
My dog just passed away
I think the main reason why I don't kill myself is because I don't want my cats to be sad
Does anyone else think about suicide/death a lot but won’t actually do anything?
This is the end for me. Goodbye everyone.
When suicide seems more preferable than working
Does anyone have a hard time understanding how all people aren't actively suicidal
Emergency: I'm A Suicidal Teen and my family is trying to end my life.
Fuck relationships, whats the point anymore?
this week will be the last week of my life
Goodbye Everyone 🖤
25, around 10k in debt, failed university, and today testicular tumor diagnosed. See you on the otherside.
When will people realise that when u are having a mental health crisis your thoughts are completely irrational? So sick of people not understanding what’s wrong and asking what’s wrong over and over when it’s just the dark feeling in my stomach getting too much attention from my brainb
I keep pretending to be dead because it makes me happy.
It's depressing how irrelevant you become to others when your bank account is $0
Im overdosing right now
Does anyone else ever feel like they are destined to kill themselves?
So I was arrested this morning for jumping on some train tracks
I'm 24 and I feel I'm 7 years behind people my age
Once i start feeling suicidal my anxiety goes away because nothing matters anymore.
Ever see any of your childhood photos and think "Someone should have killed that kid." or "I'd love to go back and time and end them."?
I made it to 16 :)
Does anyone else feel suicidal almost everyday but not act on it ever?
Wrote many posts here and it's like the reality. Always ignored. No matter what. This probably upsets me the most.
I failed
"I love you" reactions
It really sucks to have realized that life is meaningless at such a young age
My depression has made me become such a good liar. It’s frightening.
Those who’ve obviously self harmed or attempted suicide and ended up in the hospital, what are some of the things the doctors/nurses treating you have said?
im burning my suicide plans / notes today
Do you ever want to just fade away?
I'm going to end it tonight
Nobody even reads my SW posts
People only care after we are dead.
You ever just have everything going for you, but you fuck it all up?
Declining people suicide, is a lot like forcing someone into a car, never letting them out until the car breaks down, and getting pissed off that they want out.
Life is pointless and waste of time
What else can I do instead of suicide?
Hey, I reached out on here a while ago, it's one of the main reasons I'm still here. Just want to say thank you. I'm in a better place now.
We're all suicidal people who tell other people to stay alive
Fuck it, i quit, I’m out.
Does anyone else love sleeping because you get either dreams or a sense of nothingness, both of which feel better than being awake?
Does anyone else feel a sense of calm and peace when thinking about suicide?
Ever cried so quietly that the people sitting next to you don't notice?
when you’re too pussy to kill yourself so you just stay here and suffer until you’re dead.
Does anyone feel this?
I graduated tonight
Mental Hospitals never work
I wish I would get a terminal illness so I could die without having to kill myself
I fucking hate living in this world
i tried to kill myself at my best friends birthday party
I wish I could die without killing myself
I deserve to die because I’ve done awful things
SELF HARM AND SUBSTANCE ABUSE ARE NOT CAUSES, THEY ARE SYMPTOMS.
I'm sick and tired of people telling me "you're too young to be depressed"
Life is like a video game you don't want to play anymore or a book you don't want to read anymore.
I just want a hug
School is just so fucked. Most of the people on this sub are students
vote up if you think i should live (ha)
im killing myself on my 17th birthday
"talk to someone" yeah I did and it's pointless, rant
I'm waking up tomorrow.
Goodbye, r/Suicidewatch.
I’m tired of always being the last choice friend
Be careful who you talk to
I wish I could trade places with someone who is dying and wants to live
just got raped a few hours ago. please someone talk to me before I slit my wrists.
McDonald's employee just saved my life.
My therapist said I had over 5 lives' worth of trauma packed into my 25 years. I don't think the bad times stop. I'm ready to go.
i hate “it gets better”
I am a ghost
I’m 17 and my life is over..,
I'm tired of trying
Better. I am better.
My friend just shot himself in the head and we are left with nothing but questions and misery
Every single morning that I wake up I become upset that I’m still alive.
Life isn't a gift.
Living with suicidal ideation is like having to put killing yourself on the bottom of your checklist for the day and hoping you don’t get everything done
I didn't fucking ask to be here.
Does anybody else feel like suicide is their inevitable destiny
Thinking of killing myself comforts me because if everything gets too much to handle, I always have a choice to way out.
fucking hate it when people say im not alone and yet here i am, alone.
I feel like I lie and fake all my issues and I hate it
I just wish I could die a tragic death without me killing myself
Mom just basically told me to go to hell and she’s not listening to me anymore. Next time the house is free I am going to prepare me suicide method. This is it I’m finally taking the next step. What a fucking horrible way to treat someone you know is suicidal.
my mom attempted suicide today
If you're upset about the election, the place to seek help is NOT by inviting discussion about it on the internet. Including here.
I wish I could just snap my fingers and never wake up.
My 13 yo daughter overdosed on about 6 grams of Wellbutrin and 1500mg of Zoloft.
How is it so hard for people to understand that suicidal people can have problems outside their own head???
anybody else feel permanently fucked up?
Today, I've reached one of the lowest points in my life. I hope you finish reading my post.
From the SW Mod team: Please be cautious if your post references political events
How come I can't choose suicide as an option? (serious)
Bye ♡
It will never end
I didn't kill myself thanks to this subreddit. <3 you guys
You know what is hard to do when you are suicidal?
Killing myself is a PERMANENT solution to a PERMANENT problem. Depression is a lifelong illness that cannot be cured, it can only be suppressed and treated.
why are we only appreciated when we’re finally gone?
"99% of people regretted it!"
Everyone’s a fucking liar
I've been a hypocrite in this sub and I'm sorry
Bye r/suicidewatch. I’m getting. Therapy.
I just die inside when my parents mention things I will do in the future even though I have no intention on living that far...
I have sexual thoughts about kids. I'm 26. Please don't hate me, I already hate myself more than you ever will.
why are people who really want to die not allowed to kill themselves?
Hey suicide watch family, im just checking in :)
You know your life is an absolute wreck when you casually debate in your head whether you should go to college or commit suicide instead.
Just tried, my cat saved me
Everyday is just 24 hours of me trying not to kill myself 💔🔫
I wish killing yourself was easy.
On the verge of giving up
I would like to dedicate this to the memory of all the people /r/SuicideWatch and /r/Depression have lost over the years.
The feeling of wanting to commit suicide but not having the courage to do so is the worst
“If only they would have reached out” = Pure bullshit
Do you guys ever wish that there was a simple button that would give you instant and painless death when you press it?
Fuck life
Why are ''I'm gonna live''-announcements allowed here?
Existing is exhausting.
Why can't there be an easy and peaceful way to die?
...
Listening to music while drunk is amazing
Does anybody actually wake up every day thinking "wow I can't wait for another one"?
My experience with “reaching out”.
The suicide hotline saved my life last night
We euthanize pets when we think they have no more quality of life left and it’s deemed the “responsible” thing to do. But when a human knows their life and that they have no hope left, suddenly everyone becomes the expert on “suicide is selfish and there’s a chance things will get better”
I don't want a funeral
My girlfriend committed suicide, and I'm worried I'll end up doing the same
It’s just sad because the only thing I see in my future is eventually killing myself.
It is hard having no friends
On having no friends in your 20s
stop trying to fucking guilt trip me
I understand suicide
As if i needed and more proof that nobody gives a shit about me...
I never had anyone to support me or genuinely care about me. I turned 22 and I’ve realized how pathetic my life is. I graduate soon, and I plan on going away forever... the thought of that is my only relief right now.
So the suicide hotline just hung up on me. Twice.
I ruined my life with one choice, i can’t bare to carry this guilt.
Suicide Hotline hung up on me
This sandwich doesn't taste good.
I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP. I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP. I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP. I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP. I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP. I WANT TO GO TO SLEEP AND NEVER WAKE UP.
Nobody fucking cares before you have actually done it
Warning:  "Suicide methods" PM Troll is active at SW.  
I hate that you can’t be open about wanting to kill yourself because then people just put you on an involuntary hold and make things worse. Goddamn I want to die
Not today
Holy shit dude i remember thinking how bizarre the idea of suicide was back when i was a kid and now im here longing it more than ever :/
I just tried to call a couple of suicide prevention hotlines
My new year's resolution is to work up the courage to commit suicide
I feel guilty for thinking about suicide due to the pandemic
Today I made it to 21
Update on the warning about PMs from "Koko" (/u/itskokobot). **Please continue to report any sightings.**
April 2017 I would hold a loaded revolver to my head nearly every day and try to work up the courage to pull the trigger. If I could go back in time, I’d tell myself to do it. Nothing ever gets better.
They found him
Does anyone else feel suicidal but still obliged to try to help others in the same situation?
i wish i could get some suicide pills that can end my life instantly,
If i had a gun, right now, i'd blow my fucking head off
My boyfriend killed himself a week ago
Valentines day, the perfect day for me to kill myself
Does anyone else dream/hope of dying in their sleep?
my wife fucked 4 men
Every night I wish I would die in my sleep
Anyone else get super depressed around the Holidays and just want to say fuck it and end things? Feeling that way now!
Does anyone else find that the fear of what’s on the other side keeps you from killing yourself but somehow that makes you more depressed?
I didn't ask to be born, but I'm here and I'm forced to function and work on a world that I objectively hate. What do I do about this?
Crippling Loneliness
i should have killed myself in 8th grade when i had the chance.
I need help... but I don't know what kind.
“If you feel suicidal, call the suicide hotline or 911”
i just want to know how to leave without making my mom sad.
Those cheesy suicide prevention poems
Fuck girlfriends I just want a friend
I've wanted to kill myself for awhile now, but just had my favorite soup
My sister's suicide this week.
Thank you
Don't take the pills... It hurts
I wish I could take someone’s cancer away who wants to live and give them my healthy body.
I woke up
So I listen to music to calm myself and to numb down my suicidal thoughts for a bit, is this weird or do other people do it too and btw I usually listen to iamJakehill’s suicidal thoughts song look it up on YouTube/Spotify if you’re curious and this sub honestly makes me feel at home thank you
She said i’m selfish if i kill myself...?! c’mon, isnt it more selfish to keep me alive forcefully?!
I’ll talk to my mom this week
If only I had access to a firearm
Cops and medics broke in my apartment
I've finally hit my limit
Anyone feel like they're not allowed to kill themselves because the people around you wont ever understand why you did it. Even if you explain it they wont truly understand what it's like living as you
I'm almost 22 and I can't seem to move out of my parents' house. There is no point in continuing.
Life’s a bitch and then you die
This world is literally just as bad or worse as my depression makes it out to be.
Wife cheated
My best friend and partner in crime just committed suicide, i'm going to join her this evening.
have you ever just extremely regretted all your choices that have led you up to this point? and the fact you can’t go back on those choices?
Dad's friends raped me.
what the fuck does “you’re not alone” even mean? i feel fucking alone. no one is here with me. i am alone. i see it everywhere. people behind it don’t really care about me or anyone else. stop pretending like you care!
I feel lost
YOUR KID'S MENTAL STATE IS MORE IMPORTANT THAN THEIR GRADES.
Kinda wish I could just restart as a different person
dying tomorrow or 60 years from now, what does it matter the end result is still the same why bother enduring 60 years of a shitty life when you can just end it?
I'm the worst doctor in the whole world
My mom just called me to inform me that my sister was found dead 5 hours ago hanging from her closet. Fuck it all, I'm done.
The fact that i'm shy is the main reason why i'm suicidal
I want a hug before I die
"but everyone would miss you!"
people stop caring and get angry when you get worse
Why it is selfish to take your own life but it is not selfish to bring a person into existence without permission?
